Whose commander is Nero  ?
Who and Kurtzman , both fans of the Star Trek series , were approached to write the film and Abrams was approached to direct it ?
Who and Orci used inspiration from novels and graduate school dissertations as well as the series itself ?
Who wanted to avoid using bluescreen and greenscreen , opting to use sets and locations instead ?
What was released in the United States and Canada on May 8 , 2009 , to positive reviews ?
What praised the character development as well as the storyline in the film ?
What was nominated for several awards , including four Academy Awards at the 82nd Academy Awards , ultimately winning in the category for Best Makeup , making it the first Star Trek film to win an Academy Award ?
Whose first officer , Ayel , demands that the Kelvin's Captain Robau come aboard to negotiate a truce ?
Whose commander , Nero , kills him , and resumes attacking the Kelvin ?
Who , the Kelvin's first officer , orders the ship's personnel , including his pregnant wife Winona , to abandon ship while he pilots the Kelvin on a collision course with the Narada , as the auto-pilot function is damaged ?
Who argues that cheating was acceptable because the simulation was designed to be unbeatable ?
What finds the fleet destroyed and the Narada drilling into Vulcan's core ?
Who , Hikaru Sulu and Chief Engineer Olson perform a space jump onto the drilling platform ?
Who is killed but Kirk and Sulu disable the drill ?
Who rescues the high council and his father Sarek , but Amanda dies ?
Who encounters an older Spock , who explains that he and Nero are from 129 years in the future ?
Whose attempt to use " red matter " to create an artificial black hole and consume the supernova failed , and Nero's family perished along with Romulus ?
Who and Spock's vessel were caught in the black hole , sending them back in time ?
Who stranded Spock on Delta Vega to watch Vulcan's destruction ?
Who leads the Narada away from Earth and sets his ship to collide with Nero's ship ?
What , Pike and Spock aboard ?
Who offers Nero help to escape , but Nero refuses , prompting Kirk to give the order to fire , dooming Nero and the Narada to be consumed in a black hole ?
Who is promoted to Captain and given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral ?
Who encounters his older self , who persuades his younger self to continue serving in Starfleet , encouraging him to do what feels right instead of what is logical ?
Who remains in Starfleet , becoming first officer under Kirk's command ?
What felt he had to show Kirk's " humor , arrogance and decisiveness , " but not Shatner's speech pattern , which would have bordered on imitation ?
Who auditioned for the role ?
Who portrays a younger Kirk ?
Who had discussed playing the role with the director before Quinto was cast ?
Who portrays a younger Spock ?
Who shot his scenes toward the end of filming ?
Who knew Abrams because they coincidentally shared the same agent ?
Who improvised the character's speech patterns ?
What's like ' I think Spock would ... ' " Zoe Saldana as Nyota Uhura Abrams asked her to play the role because he had seen her previous work and liked it ?
Whose mother was a Star Trek fan and sent her voice mails during filming , giving advice on the part ?
What has been a fan of the show since he was seven years old and actively pursued the role after rediscovering the series on DVD with his son ?
What was cast at his first audition , which was two months after his initial meeting with Abrams ?
Who described Scotty as a positive Scottish stereotype , noting " Scots are the first people to laugh at the fact that they drink and fight a bit " , and that Scotty comes from a long line of Scots with technical expertise , such as John Logie Baird and Alexander Graham Bell ?
Who had originally been interested in playing the part of Sulu , but both he and Quinto , who had already been cast as Spock , were at the time members of the cast of the television series Heroes , and its producers told Lee they did not want to lose another cast member for three months ?
Who plays George Kirk , James Tiberius Kirk's father , who dies aboard the USS Kelvin while battling Nero , Mark Wahlberg was also approached for the role ?
Who plays Kelvin captain Richard Robau ?
Who , Kirk's mother , is played by Jennifer Morrison ?
Who plays Chief Engineer Olson , the redshirt who is killed during the space jump ?
Who , the son of the original Scotty , James Doohan , makes a cameo appearance in the transporter room as Lt. Kyle ?
Who plays a Klingon interrogator who tortures Nero during his time on Rura Penthe ?
Who appears as the head of Starfleet Academy , Admiral Richard Barnett ?
Who and Kurtzman wrote a scene for Shatner , in which old Spock gives his younger self a recorded message by Kirk from the previous timeline ?
Who disliked the character's death in Generations , but also felt resurrecting Kirk would be detrimental to this film , and his friendship with Shatner caused them to avoid discussing the film ?
What As early as the 1968 World Science Fiction Convention , Star Trek creator Roddenberry had said he was going to make a film prequel to the television series ?
Who rejected Bennett's prequel proposal in 1991 , after the completion of Star Trek V : The Final Frontier ?
Who is a casual fan , while Burk was not ?
Who ' company , Bad Robot Productions produced the film with Paramount , marking the first time another company had financed a Star Trek film ?
Who and Kurtzman said that their aim had been to impress a casual fan like Abrams with their story ?
Who added , saying the time travel creates jeopardy , unlike other prequels where viewers " know how they all died " ?
Who and Kurtzman noted it would feel backward to demonize the Klingons again after they had become heroes in later Star Trek series , and the Romulan presence continues Spock's story from his last chronological appearance in " Unification " , an episode of Star Trek : The Next Generation set in 2368 ?
Whose service on the Farragut , a major backstory point to the original episode " Obsession " , was left out because it was deemed irrelevant to the story of Kirk meeting Spock , although Orci felt nothing in his script precluded it from the new film's backstory ?
Who had sent the fan art to Abrams to show how realistic the film could be ?
Who explained parts of the ship would have to be constructed on Earth because of the artificial gravity employed on the ship and its requirement for sustaining warp speed , and therefore the calibration of the ship's machinery would be best done in the exact gravity well which is to be simulated ?
Who noted the continuity of the original series itself was inconsistent at times ?
Who saw humor and sex appeal as two integral and popular elements of the show that needed to be maintained ?
Who and Uhura were put in an actual relationship as a nod to early episodes highlighting her interest in him ?
Who wanted to introduce strong Starfleet captains , concurring with an interviewer that most captains in other films were " patsies " included to make Kirk look greater by comparison ?
Who created the fictitious drink for Alias and it reappeared in viral marketing for Cloverfield ?
What The film's production designer was Scott Chambliss , a longtime collaborator with Abrams ?
Who worked with a large group of concept illustrators , including James Clyne , Ryan Church , creature designer Neville Page , and Star Trek veteran John Eaves ?
Who brought the original prop to the set , but the actors found it too large to carry when filming action scenes , so technical advisor Doug Brody redesigned it to be smaller ?
Who selected Michael Kaplan to design the costumes because he had not seen any of the films , meaning he would approach the costumes with a new angle ?
Who compared the film's Romulan faction to pirates with their bald , tattooed heads and disorganized costuming ?
