'What for Star Trek originated in 1968 modeled after the television series .'
'Who and Kurtzman were approached to write the film .'
'Who was approached to direct it .'
'Who and Kurtzman was both fans of the Star Trek series .'
'Who and Orci used inspiration from novels and graduate school dissertations as well as the series itself .'
'What commenced on November 7,2007 .'
'What ended on March 27,2008 .'
'Who wanted to avoid using bluescreen and greenscreen , opting to use sets and locations instead .'
'What & Magic used digital ships for the film .'
'What for the film concluded by the end of 2008 .'
'What was heavily promoted the months preceding its release .'
'Who was Texas .'
'Where was Australia .'
'Where was Alberta .'
'What was released in the United States and Canada on May 8 to positive reviews .'
'What praised the character development as well as the storyline in the film .'
'What became a box office success .'
'What grossed over $ 385 .'
'What was nominated for several awards .'
"Who 's first officer demands that the Kelvin 's Captain Robau come aboard to negotiate a truce ."
"Who 's first officer is Ayel ."
"Who is questioned about the current stardate and an `` Ambassador Spock '' ."
"Who 's commander kills him ."
"Who 's commander resumes attacking the Kelvin ."
"Who 's commander is Nero ."
"Who , the Kelvin 's first officer , orders the ship 's personnel , including his pregnant wife Winona , to abandon ship while he pilots the Kelvin on a collision course with the Narada , as the auto-pilot function is damaged ."
"Who sacrifices his life to ensure Winona 's survival as she gives birth to James T. Kirk ."
'Who becomes a reckless but intelligent young adult on Earth .'
'Who meets Captain Christopher Pike in 2255 after a bar fight with Starfleet cadets accompanying Nyota Uhura .'
'What encourages him to enlist in Starfleet Academy , where Kirk meets and befriends doctor Leonard McCoy .'
'What accuses Kirk of cheating during the Kobayashi Maru simulation .'
'Who argues that cheating was acceptable because the simulation was designed to be unbeatable .'
"Who and Kirk board Pike 's ship ."
'Who to convince Pike that the distress signal is a trap .'
"Who realizes that the `` lightning storm '' observed near Vulcan is similar to the one that occurred when he was born ."
"What finds the fleet destroyed and the Narada drilling into Vulcan 's core ."
'Who , Hikaru Sulu and Chief Engineer Olson perform a space jump onto the drilling platform .'
'Who is killed .'
'Who and Sulu disable the drill .'
"Who launches `` red matter '' into Vulcan 's core despite their efforts ."
"What 's core forms an artificial black hole that destroys Vulcan ."
'Who rescues the high council and his father Sarek .'
'Who dies .'
"Who tortures Pike to gain access to Earth 's defense codes ."
'Who on Delta Vega after Kirk attempts mutiny .'
'Who attempts mutiny .'
'Who encounters an older Spock .'
'Who was threatened by a supernova in that future .'
"Who 's attempt to use `` red matter '' to create an artificial black hole failed ."
"Who 's attempt to use `` red matter '' to consume the supernova failed ."
"Who 's family perished along with Romulus ."
"Who and Spock 's vessel were caught in the black hole ."
"Who and Spock 's vessel sent them back in time ."
"Who stranded Spock on Delta Vega to watch Vulcan 's destruction ."
'Who and the elder Spock meet Montgomery Scott .'
'Who and the elder Spock reaches a Starfleet outpost .'
"Who and Scott beam onto the Enterprise with the elder Spock 's help ."
'Who provokes younger Spock into attacking him , forcing Spock to recognize he is emotionally compromised .'
'Who provokes younger Spock into attacking him , forcing Spock to relinquish command to Kirk .'
"Who follows the elder Spock 's advice ."
'Who decides to help Kirk .'
'Who and Spock beam aboard the Narada .'
'Who with Nero and Ayel .'
"Who uses the elder Spock 's ship to destroy the drill ."
'Who leads the Narada away from Earth .'
"Who sets his ship to collide with Nero 's ship ."
'What , Pike and Spock aboard .'
'Who offers Nero help to escape .'
'Who refuses .'
'Who prompts Kirk to give the order to fire .'
'Who doomes Nero and the Narada to be consumed in a black hole .'
'Who is promoted to Captain .'
'Who is given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral .'
'Who is promoted to Rear Admiral .'
'Who encounters his older self .'
'Who remains in Starfleet .'
"Who becomes first officer under Kirk 's command ."
"Who as James T. Kirk Pine described his first audition as `` awful '' ."
"Who did not see Pine 's first audition ."
"What was only after Pine 's agent met Abrams ' wife that the director decided to give him another audition opposite Quinto ."
"Who 's agent met Abrams ' wife that the director decided to give him another audition opposite Quinto ."
"Who was supportive of Pine 's casting because they knew each other as they worked out at the same gym ."
'What sent William Shatner a letter .'
"What received a reply containing Shatner 's approval ."
'What watched classic episodes and read encyclopedias about the Star Trek universe .'
'What stopped as he felt weighed down by the feeling he had to copy Shatner .'
"What felt he had to show Kirk 's `` humor , arrogance and decisiveness , '' but not Shatner 's speech pattern ."
"Who 's `` humor , arrogance and decisiveness , '' but not Shatner 's speech pattern would have bordered on imitation ."
"Who said when watching the original series , he was also struck by how Shatner 's performance was characterized by humor ."
"What chose to incorporate elements of Tom Cruise from Top Gun and Harrison Ford 's portrayals of Indiana Jones and Han Solo ."
'Who auditioned for the role .'
'Who portrays a younger Kirk .'
'Who as Spock The younger alternate timeline Spock .'
"What expressed interest in the role because of the duality of Spock 's half-human , half-Vulcan heritage , and how `` he is constantly exploring that notion of how to evolve in a responsible way and how to evolve in a respectful way ."
'What wore a blue shirt .'
'What flattened his hair down to feel more like Spock .'
"Who 's attributes were such as his stillness and the way Nimoy would hold his hands behind his back ."
'Who commented the physical transformation aided in portraying an alien , joking I just felt like a nerd .'
'Who had discussed playing the role with the director before Quinto was cast .'
'What was cast .'
'Who portrays a younger Spock .'
"Who as Captain Nero The film 's time-traveling Romulan villain ."
'Who shot his scenes toward the end of filming .'
'Who knew Abrams because they coincidentally shared the same agent .'
"Who improvised the character 's speech patterns ."
'Who as Spock Prime : Nimoy reprises the role of the older Spock from the original Star Trek timeline .'
'Who was his main resource in playing Spock .'
'What watched some episodes of the show during breaks in filming .'
'Who and the writers met Nimoy at his house .'
'What recalled the actor gave a ` Who are you guys .'
'What recalled what are you up to .'
'What before being told how important he was to them .'
'Who told the creative team he had remained in his chair after their conversation .'
'What would have been delayed for it to be rewritten .'
"Who later said , `` This is the first and only time I ever had a filmmaker say , ` We can not make this film without you and we will not make it without you '' ' ."
"Who said `` it was surreal to direct him as Spock '' ?"
"What 's like ` I think Spock would ... ' Zoe Saldana as Nyota Uhura Abrams asked her to play the role because he had seen her previous work and liked it ."
'Who had never seen the original series .'
'Who agreed to play the role after Abrams complimented her .'
'Who complimented her .'
"Who explained to her how she had created Uhura 's background and had named the character ."
"Who 's mother was a Star Trek fan ."
'Where also auditioned for the part .'
'What also establishes that Uhura and Spock are , in fact and had been romantically linked for some time during the film .'
'What is lovers .'
"What as Dr. Leonard `` Bones '' McCoy Like Pine 
rban said of taking on the role that `` it is a case of not doing some sort of facsimile or carbon copy , but really taking the very essence of what DeForest Kelley has done and honoring that and bringing something new to the table '' ."
'What has been a fan of the show since he was seven years old .'
'What was cast at his first audition .'
'What was something .'
"What joked the character might be a `` little bipolar actually ! ''"
'Who and Kurtzman had collaborated with Urban on Xena : Warrior Princess , in which he played Cupid and Caesar .'
"Who as Montgomery `` Scotty '' Scott Abrams contacted Pegg by e-mail ."
"Who as Montgomery `` Scotty '' Scott Abrams offered him the part ."
'What leans more towards the West sound .'
"Who was the film 's Glaswegian first assistant director ."
"Who described Scotty as a positive Scottish stereotype , noting `` Scots are the first people to laugh at the fact that they drink and fight a bit '' , and that Scotty comes from a long line of Scots with technical expertise , such as John Logie Baird and Alexander Graham Bell ."
"Who 's character in Spaced joked that every odd-numbered Star Trek film being `` shit '' was a fact of life ."
"Who noted `` Fate put me in the movie to show me I was talking out of my ass . ''"
'Who as Hikaru Sulu Abrams had at first been concerned about casting a Korean-American as a Japanese character , but George Takei reassured him that Sulu had been meant to represent all of Asia on the Enterprise , so Abrams went ahead with Cho .'
"Who acknowledged that being an Asian-American , `` there are certain acting roles that you are never going to get '' ."
'Who suffered an injury to his wrist during filming .'
'Who had originally been interested in playing the part of Sulu , but both he and Quinto , who had already been cast as Spock , were at the time members of the cast of the television series Heroes , and its producers told Lee they did not want to lose another cast member for three months .'
"Who was allowed to choose what elements there were from their predecessor 's performances as Pavel Chekov ."
"Who decided to carry on Walter Koenig 's speech patterns of replacing v s with w s ."
'Who as Christopher Pike .'
'Who as Sarek Winona Ryder as Amanda Grayson .'
'Who plays George Kirk .'
'Who was also approached for the role battling Nero .'
'Who dies aboard the USS Kelvin while battling Nero , Mark Wahlberg was also approached for the role .'
"Who is James Tiberius Kirk 's father ."
'Who plays Kelvin captain Richard Robau .'
'Who is played by Jennifer Morrison .'
"Who is Kirk 's mother ."
'Who plays Chief Engineer Olson who is killed during the space jump .'
'What is the redshirt .'
'Where is an Orion Starfleet cadet .'
'Who makes a cameo appearance in the transporter room as Lt. Kyle .'
'Who is James Doohan .'
'Who is the son of the original Scotty .'
"Who originally played Kirk 's older brother , George Samuel `` Sam '' Kirk , Jr. , but the majority of his scenes were cut and the opening car chase scene where Kirk can be heard calling out to him was overdubbed ."
'Who plays a Klingon interrogator who tortures Nero during his time on Rura Penthe .'
'Who appears as the head of Starfleet Academy .'
'What is Admiral Richard Barnett .'
'Who appears as a Starfleet officer .'
'Who and Lucia Rijker play Romulans , Lychnikoff a Commander and Rijker a Communications Officer .'
'Who is producer and star of the webseries Star Trek : New Voyages .'
"Who , who played a Klingon in Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country , as well as Data 's allegorical grandfather in the TNG episode `` The Schizoid Man '' , appears in this film as the head of the Vulcan Science Council ."
'Who was brought in .'
'Who was known for portraying Wesley Crusher on Star Trek : The Next Generation .'
'What and Carnegie Mellon University professor Randy Pausch cameoed as a Kelvin crew member .'
'What and Carnegie Mellon University professor Randy Pausch has a line of dialogue .'
"Who reprised her role as the voice of the Enterprise 's computer ."
'Who was the widow of Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry .'
'Who and Kurtzman wrote a scene for Shatner .'
"Who wanted to share Nimoy 's major role ."
'Who did not want a cameo .'
"Who disliked the character 's death in Generations ."
'Who also felt resurrecting Kirk would be detrimental to this film .'
'Who had said he was going to make a film prequel to the television series .'
'What was Star Trek .'
"Who rejected Bennett 's prequel proposal in 1991 ."
'Who wrote a script entitled The Academy Years .'
'What was shelved in light of objections from Roddenberry and the fanbase .'
"What was to revolve around a new set of characters , led by Kirk 's ancestor Tiberius Chase , and be set during the Earth-Romulan War -- after the events of Enterprise but before the events of the original series ."
"What retained Paramount 's television properties in 2005 ."
'What was separated from CBS Corporation .'
'What owned Paramount Pictures .'
"Who , then president of Paramount , convinced CBS ' chief executive , Leslie Moonves , to allow them eighteen months to develop a new Star Trek film before CBS would re-earn the rights to develop a new television series -LRB- in return , CBS would keep merchandising rights -RRB- ."
'Who approached Mission : Impossible III writers Orci and Kurtzman for ideas on the new film .'
'Who , Orci and Kurtzman , plus producers Damon Lindelof and Bryan Burk , felt the franchise had explored enough of what took place after the series , Orci and Lindelof consider themselves trekkies , and feel some of the Star Trek novels have canonical value , although Roddenberry never considered the novels to be canon .'
'Who is a casual fan .'
'Who was not .'
"Who ' company produced the film with Paramount ."
"Who ' company was Bad Robot Productions ."
"Who ' company marked the first time another company had financed a Star Trek film ."
'Who also co-produced the film .'
'What replaced them as financial partner .'
"Who was Jr. 's Level 1 Entertainment ."
"Who said that he had never seen Star Trek : Nemesis because he felt the franchise had `` disconnected '' from the original series in an interview ."
"Who accepted Paramount 's offer to direct the film on February 23,2007 ."
'Who and Kurtzman said that their aim had been to impress a casual fan like Abrams with their story .'
"Who noted that , during filming , he had been nervous `` with all these tattooed faces and pointy ears , bizarre weaponry and Romulan linguists , with dialogue about ` Neutral Zones ' and ` Starfleet ' -LRB- but -RRB- I knew this would work , because the script Alex and Bob wrote was so emotional and so relatable ."
'Who said getting Nimoy in the film was important .'
'Who added .'
'Who said the time travel creates jeopardy .'
"Who selected the Romulans as the villains because they had been featured less than the Klingons in the series , and thought it was `` fun '' to have them meet Kirk before they do in the series ."
"Who and Kurtzman noted it would feel backward to demonize the Klingons again after they had become heroes in later Star Trek series , and the Romulan presence continues Spock 's story from his last chronological appearance in `` Unification '' , an episode of Star Trek : The Next Generation set in 2368 ."
'Who said it was difficult giving a good explanation for the time travel without being gimmicky .'
"Who noted while the time travel story allowed them to alter some backstory elements such as Kirk 's first encounter with the Romulans , they could not use it as a crutch to change everything and they tried to approach the film as a prequel as much as possible ."
"Who 's service on the Farragut , a major backstory point to the original episode `` Obsession '' , was left out because it was deemed irrelevant to the story of Kirk meeting Spock , although Orci felt nothing in his script precluded it from the new film 's backstory ."
'What was inspired by a piece of fan art of the Enterprise being built in a shipyard .'
'Who had sent the fan art to Abrams to show how realistic the film could be .'
"Who explained parts of the ship would have to be constructed on Earth because of the artificial gravity employed on the ship and its requirement for sustaining warp speed , and therefore the calibration of the ship 's machinery would be best done in the exact gravity well which is to be simulated ."
'Who noted the continuity of the original series itself was inconsistent at times .'
"Who and Kurtzman said they wanted the general audience to like the film as much as the fans , by stripping away `` Treknobabble '' , making it action-packed and giving it the simple title of Star Trek to indicate to newcomers they would not need to watch any of the other films ."
'Who saw humor and sex appeal as two integral and popular elements of the show that needed to be maintained .'
'Who stated being realistic .'
'Who stated being serious were not the same thing .'
'Who , Burk , Lindelof , Orci and Kurtzman were fans of The Wrath of Khan .'
"Who , Burk , Lindelof , Orci and Kurtzman also cited The Next Generation episode `` Yesterday 's Enterprise '' as an influence ."
"Who ' wife Katie was regularly consulted on the script ."
"Who was Kurtzman and Lindelof 's wives ."
"Who ' approval of the strong female characters was partly why Abrams signed on to direct ."
"Who and Kurtzman read graduate school dissertations on the series for inspiration ; they noted comparisons of Kirk , Spock and McCoy to Shakespearian archetypes , and Kirk and Spock 's friendship echoing that of John Lennon and Paul McCartney ."
"Who said , `` I want to feel the space '' ."
"Who said , `` I want to feel speed '' ."
"Who said , `` I want to feel all the things that can become a little bit lost when Star Trek becomes very stately '' ."
'What permeated in the way they wrote the action sequences .'
"Who noted Kirk and Spock 's initially cold relationship mirrors how `` Han Solo was not friends with anyone when they started on their journey '' ."
'Who and Uhura were put in an actual relationship as a nod to early episodes highlighting her interest in him .'
"Who wanted to introduce strong Starfleet captains that most captains in other films were `` patsies '' included to make Kirk look greater by comparison ."
'Who created the fictitious drink for Alias .'
'What reappeared in viral marketing for Cloverfield .'
'Who was a longtime collaborator with Abrams .'
'Who worked with a large group of concept illustrators .'
'Who stated the difficulty of depicting the future was that much of modern technology was inspired by the original show , and made it seem outdated .'
"Who said , `` We all have the iPhone that does more than the communicator '' ."
'Who brought the original prop to the set .'
'What were so technical advisor .'
'What maintained the layout of the original bridge .'
'What aesthetically altered it with brighter colors to reflect the optimism of Star Trek .'
'Who compared the redesign to the sleek modernist work of Pierre Cardin and the sets from 2001 : A Space Odyssey .'
'Who selected Michael Kaplan to design the costumes because he had not seen any of the films .'
"Who followed the show 's original color-coding showing each crew member 's position for the Starfleet uniforms ."
'What wear gold shirts .'
'What and medical officers wear blue .'
'What wear red .'
'Who wanted the shirts to be more sophisticated than the originals .'
'Who selected to have the Starfleet symbol patterned on them .'
'Who wears only the undershirt because he is a cadet .'
'Who modelled the uniforms on the Kelvin on science fiction films of the 1940s and 1950s .'
"Who compared the film 's Romulan faction to pirates with their bald , tattooed heads and disorganized costuming ."
"What is a `` working ship '' ."
"Who was heavily influenced by the architecture of Antoni Gaudi for the Narada , who created buildings that appeared to be inside out : by making the ship 's exposed wires appear like bones or ligaments , it would create a foreboding atmosphere ."
"Who had a fourth prosthetic for the bitemark on his ear that extends to the back of his character 's head ."
"Who wanted to honor that by having Nero 's crew ritually scar themselves too , forming keloids reminiscent of the ` V ' - ridges ."
'What was abandoned as they did not pursue the idea enough .'
'Who wanted aged .'
'Who wanted worn and rugged clothes for the Romulans because of their mining backgrounds .'
'Who wanted found some greasy looking fabrics at a flea market .'
'Who tracked down the makers of those clothes .'
'Who supervised the makeup for the other aliens : his team had to rush the creation of many of the aliens , because originally the majority of them were to feature in one scene towards the end of filming .'
'Who was a location that was used in various episodes of the original series .'
'Who and Lindelof polished the script for a final time in the final few weeks before the strike and start of production .'
'Who was frustrated that he was unable to alter lines during the strike .'
'Who acknowledged they could dub some lines in post-production .'
"Who and Kurtzman were able to stay on set without strikebreaking because they were also executive producers on the film ; they could `` make funny eyes and faces at the actors whenever they had a problem with the line and sort of nod when they had something better '' ."
'Who was able to alter a scene where Spock combats six Romulans from a fistfight to a gunfight .'
'Who had decided there were too many physical brawls in the film .'
'What revealed , level of security and secrecy that we have all been forced to adopt .'
"What 's really kind of paranoid crazy , but sort of justified I mean ."
'What like Jennifer Morrison were only given the scripts of their scenes .'
"Who said , `` I read with a security guard near me it 's that secretive . ''"
'Who gave the cast small boxes containing little telescopes it was pointed at .'
"Who said , `` I think he just wanted each of us to look at the stars a little differently '' ."
'Who chose to shoot the film in the anamorphic format on 35 mm film after discussions about whether the film should be shot in high-definition digital video .'
'What and Abrams agreed the choice gave the film a big-screen feel and the realistic , organic look they wanted for the film setting .'
'Who and Mindel used lens flares throughout filming to create an optimistic atmosphere and a feeling that activity was taking place off-camera .'
'What made the Star Trek universe feel more real .'
'Who would create more flares by shining a flashlight or pointing a mirror at the camera lens , or using two cameras simultaneously and therefore two lighting set-ups .'
'What later said in interview that he had not told her this , and initially contacted the film developers asking why the film seemed overexposed .'
'What & Magic and Digital Domain were among several companies that created over 1,000 special effect shots .'
'What were Roger Guyett : Impossible III and also served as second unit director , and Russell Earl .'
'Who collaborated with Abrams on Mission .'
'Who avoided shooting only against bluescreen and greenscreen 
sing them instead to extend the scale of sets and locations .'
"What `` makes me insane '' ."
'What was the first film ILM worked on using entirely digital ships .'
"Who had fond memories of the revelation of the Enterprise 's refit in Star Trek : The Motion Picture ."
'What was the first time the ship felt tangible and real to him .'
"What also applied the `` Aztec '' pattern from The Next Generation ."
"Who recalled Abrams also wanted to bring a `` hot rod '' aesthetic to the ship ."
"What wanted the ship to have more moving parts , which stemmed from his childhood dissatisfaction with the ship 's design : The new Enterprise 's dish can expand and move , while the fins on its engines split slightly when they begin warping ."
'Who of NASA was consulted on the planetary science and imagery .'
'Who conceived the redesign to emphasize the notion of transporters as beams that can pick up and move people .'
'What worked on 48 shots to Bana and Nimoy .'
'Who required extensive damage to his teeth .'
"Who 's mouth was reanimated in his first scene with Kirk following a rerecording session ."
"What is Abrams ' most frequent collaborator ."
'Who said the end credits symbolized the momentum of the crew .'
"Who admitted personal pressure in scoring the film , as `` I grew up listening to all of that great -LRB- Trek -RRB- music , and that 's part of what inspired me to do what I 'm doing -LRB- ... -RRB- You just go in scared ."
"What 's one of those things where the film will tell me what to do ."
'What took place at the Sony Scoring Stage with a 107-piece orchestra and 40-person choir .'
'What .'
"Who was the record label responsible for releasing albums of Giacchino 's previous scores for Alias ."
'Who reproduced the classic photon torpedo : he tapped a long spring against a contact microphone , .'
'Who reproduced the classic photon torpedo : he combined that with cannon fire .'
'What sounds : he tapped a long spring against a contact microphone , .'
'What sounds : he combined that with cannon fire .'
'Who used a 1960s oscillator to create a musical and emotional hum to the warping and transporting sounds .'
'What In February 2008 , Paramount announced they would move Star Trek from its December 25 , 2008 release date to May 8 , 2009 , as the studio felt more people would see the film during summer than winter .'
"What 's decision came about after visiting the set ."
"What 's decision came about after watching dailies ."
'Who acknowledged it would allow more time to perfect the visual effects .'
'What narrated the audiobook .'
'Who was Texas .'
'When 18,2008 showed the Enterprise under construction .'
'Who himself directed the first part of the trailer .'
"Who explained that : `` If we do indeed have a Federation , I think Kennedy 's words will be inscribed in there someplace . ''"
"What 's later trailers would win four awards in the tenth annual Golden Trailer Awards ."
"What faced two obstacles in promoting the film : the unfamiliarity of the `` MySpace generation '' with the franchise and the relatively weak international performance of the previous films ."
"Who toured Europe and North America with 25 minutes of footage six months before the film 's release ."
'Who noted the large-scale campaign started unusually early .'
"Who would exaggerate his preference for other shows to Star Trek as a child to the press , with statements like `` I 'm not a Star Trek fan '' and `` this movie is not made for Star Trek fans necessarily '' ."
"What compared Abrams ' approach to The Next Generation episode `` A Matter of Honor '' ."
"Who is stationed aboard a Klingon vessel at the Next Generation episode `` the Matter of Honor '' ."
'What also held the merchandise rights for the new film .'
'What owned the Star Trek toy license until 2000 .'
'What to continue their toy line into 2010 .'
'What , Mattel , Hasbro and Fundex Games will promote the film via playing cards ?'
"What also created a merchandising line based around Star Trek caricatures named `` Quogs '' ."
'What The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on November 17 November 16 in the United Kingdom and October 26 in Australia and New Zealand .'
'When 17 is 2009 in North America .'
'What was released on November 4 in Sweden and Germany .'
'What had opened with $ 79,204,300 , as well as $ 35,500,000 from other countries by the end of the weekend .'
'What beat Star Trek : First Contact for the largest American opening for a Star Trek film .'
'What was adjusted .'
'What was unadjusted for inflation .'
'What ended its United States theatrical run on October 1 with a box office total of $ 257,730,019 .'
'What was acclaimed by film critics .'
"Who of the Boston Globe gave the film a perfect four star rating , and the `` best prequel ever '' ."
"Who praised the character development in the film , opining that `` emotionally , Star Trek hits every one of its marks , functioning as a family reunion that extends across decades , entertainment mediums , even blurring the line between audience and show . ''"
'What reminds us why we loved these characters in the first place .'
"Who from Entertainment Weekly gave the film an ` A - ' grade ."
'What gave the film a 3 .'
"Who called Quinto 's performance `` sharp '' and `` intuitive '' ."
"What felt that Quinto `` gave the film a soul '' ."
"Who of the New York Times wrote , Star Trek is not just a pleasurable rethink of your geek uncle 's favorite science-fiction series ."
"What 's also a testament to television 's power as mythmaker ."
"What 's Dana Stevens felt that the film was `` a gift to those of us who loved the original series , that brainy , wonky , idealistic body of work that aired to almost no commercial success between 196669 and has since become a science fiction archetype and object of cult adoration . ''"
"What Out London 's Tom Huddleston praised the aesthetic qualities ."
"What Out London 's Tom Huddleston praised the performances of the cast ."
'Who felt that as the film progressed to the conclusion , Pine and Quinto emulated the same connection as Kirk and Spock .'
"Who of The Telegraph echoed similar attitudes ; `` The movie charts their relationship in a nicely oblique way . ''"
"Who resumed : `` It 's the main event , dramatically speaking , but there 's always something more thumpingly urgent to command their attention , whether it 's a Vulcan distress signal or the continuing rampages of those pesky Romulans . ''"
"Who opined that Abrams had an accurate understanding of the relationship between Kirk and Spock , and wrote , `` Pine makes a fine , brash boy Kirk , but Quinto 's Spock is something special an eerily calm figure freighted with a heavier sadness than Roddenberry 's original ."
"Who of The A.V. Club gave the film a ` B + ' grade , and asserted that it was `` a reconsideration of what constitutes Star Trek , one that deemphasizes heady concepts and plainly stated humanist virtues in favor of breathless action punctuated by bursts of emotion ."
'What might not even be immediately recognizable to veteran fans .'
'Who ultimately gave it a 2 .'
"What argued that the new film , with its `` standard Hollywood torture scene '' , failed to live up to the intellectual standard set by the 1992 Next Generation episode `` Chain of Command '' , whose treatment of the issue she found both more sophisticated and pertinent to the ongoing debate over the United States ' use of enhanced interrogation techniques ."
'What The film garnered numerous accolades after its release .'
'What was nominated for four Academy Awards at the 82nd Academy Awards in 2010 .'
'What won in the category for Best Makeup .'
'What made it the first Star Trek film to receive an Academy Award .'
'What won the Hollywood Award for Best Movie .'
'What received several nominations .'
'What was nominated for five Broadcast Film Critics Association Awards .'
'What was named one of the top-ten films of 2009 by the National Board of Review of Motion Pictures .'
'Who and Bryan Burk signed to produce .'
'Who signed to direct the first sequel .'
'What stared Benedict Cumberbatch as Khan Noonien Singh .'
'Who will return only as producer .'
'Who is no longer writing .'
'Who , Rupert Wyatt , Morten Tyldum , Justin Lin , Daniel Espinosa and Duncan Jones were being looked at as a potential replacement .'
'Who indicated that he would not be directing the film .'
'What was announced that Lin will direct the film .'
'What at the Internet Movie Database Star Trek at Memory Alpha .']
