is A second sequel , Star Trek Beyond , scheduled to be released on July 22 , 2016 ?
Star Trek is a 2009 American science fiction adventure film directed by J. J. Abrams, written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman and distributed by Paramount Pictures.
is Star Trek a 2009 American science fiction adventure film directed by J. J. Abrams , written by Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman and distributed by Paramount Pictures ?
The alternate timeline was created in an attempt to free the film and the franchise from established continuity constraints while simultaneously preserving original story elements.
was The alternate timeline created in an attempt to free the film and the franchise from established continuity constraints while simultaneously preserving original story elements ?
The film was shot in various locations around California and Utah.
was The film shot in various locations around California and Utah ?
It was released in the United States and Canada on May 8, 2009, to positive reviews.
was It released in the United States and Canada on May 8 , 2009 , to positive reviews ?
It was nominated for several awards, including four Academy Awards at the 82nd Academy Awards, ultimately winning in the category for Best Makeup, making it the first Star Trek film to win an Academy Award.
was It nominated for several awards , including four Academy Awards at the 82nd Academy Awards , ultimately winning in the category for Best Makeup , making it the first Star Trek film to win an Academy Award ?
A sequel, Star Trek Into Darkness, was released on May 16, 2013 with Abrams returning as director and Orci and Kurtzman returning as screenwriters (with the addition of Star Trek producer Damon Lindelof as screenwriter).
was A sequel , Star Trek Into Darkness , released on May 16 , 2013 with Abrams returning as director and Orci and Kurtzman returning as screenwriters -LRB- with the addition of Star Trek producer Damon Lindelof as screenwriter -RRB- ?
A second sequel, Star Trek Beyond, is scheduled to be released on July 22, 2016.
is A second sequel , Star Trek Beyond , scheduled to be released on July 22 , 2016 ?
Robau is questioned about the current stardate and an "Ambassador Spock", whom he does not recognize.
is Robau questioned about the current stardate and an `` Ambassador Spock '' , whom he does not recognize ?
The disciplinary hearing is interrupted by a distress signal from Vulcan.
is The disciplinary hearing interrupted by a distress signal from Vulcan ?
Kirk is promoted to Captain and given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral.
is Kirk promoted to Captain and given command of the Enterprise while Pike is promoted to Rear Admiral ?
Quinto was supportive of Pine's casting because they knew each other as they worked out at the same gym.
was Quinto supportive of Pine 's casting because they knew each other as they worked out at the same gym ?
I was sporting that look for a good four or five years.
was I sporting that look for a good four or five years ?
This guy has been doing it for forty years.
has This guy been doing it for forty years ?
Urban was cast at his first audition, which was two months after his initial meeting with Abrams.
was Urban cast at his first audition , which was two months after his initial meeting with Abrams ?
He was also aided by James Doohan's son, Chris, and Tommy Gormley, the film's Glaswegian first assistant director.
was He also aided by James Doohan 's son , Chris , and Tommy Gormley , the film 's Glaswegian first assistant director ?
Winona Kirk, Kirk's mother, is played by Jennifer Morrison.
is Winona Kirk , Kirk 's mother , played by Jennifer Morrison ?
Wil Wheaton, known for portraying Wesley Crusher on Star Trek: The Next Generation, was brought in, through urging by Greg Grunberg, to voice several of the other Romulans in the film.
was Wil Wheaton , known for portraying Wesley Crusher on Star Trek : The Next Generation , brought in , through urging by Greg Grunberg , to voice several of the other Romulans in the film ?
It was to revolve around a new set of characters, led by Kirk's ancestor Tiberius Chase, and be set during the Earth-Romulan Warafter the events of Enterprise but before the events of the original series.
was It to revolve around a new set of characters , led by Kirk 's ancestor Tiberius Chase , and be set during the Earth-Romulan Warafter the events of Enterprise but before the events of the original series ?
Gail Berman, then president of Paramount, convinced CBS' chief executive, Leslie Moonves, to allow them eighteen months to develop a new Star Trek film before CBS would re-earn the rights to develop a new television series (in return, CBS would keep merchandising rights).
would Gail Berman , then president of Paramount , convinced CBS ' chief executive , Leslie Moonves , to allow them eighteen months to develop a new Star Trek film before CBS re-earn the rights to develop a new television series -LRB- in return , CBS would keep merchandising rights -RRB- ?
Kurtzman is a casual fan, while Burk was not.
is Kurtzman a casual fan , while Burk was not ?
Kirk's service on the Farragut, a major backstory point to the original episode "Obsession", was left out because it was deemed irrelevant to the story of Kirk meeting Spock, although Orci felt nothing in his script precluded it from the new film's backstory.
was Kirk 's service on the Farragut , a major backstory point to the original episode `` Obsession '' , left out because it was deemed irrelevant to the story of Kirk meeting Spock , although Orci felt nothing in his script precluded it from the new film 's backstory ?
One idea that was justified through information from the novels was having the Enterprise built on Earth, which was inspired by a piece of fan art of the Enterprise being built in a shipyard.
was One idea that was justified through information from the novels having the Enterprise built on Earth , which was inspired by a piece of fan art of the Enterprise being built in a shipyard ?
Katie Abrams' approval of the strong female characters was partly why Abrams signed on to direct.
was Katie Abrams ' approval of the strong female characters partly why Abrams signed on to direct ?
The USS Kelvin, the ship Kirk's father serves on, is named after J.J. Abrams' grandfather, as well as the physicist and engineer Lord Kelvin (William Thomson).
is The USS Kelvin , the ship Kirk 's father serves on , named after J.J. Abrams ' grandfather , as well as the physicist and engineer Lord Kelvin -LRB- William Thomson -RRB- ?
Another reference to Abrams' previous works is Slusho, which Uhura orders at the bar where she meets Kirk.
is Another reference to Abrams ' previous works Slusho , which Uhura orders at the bar where she meets Kirk ?
The red matter in the film is in the shape of a red ball, an Abrams motif dating back to the pilot of Alias.
is The red matter in the film in the shape of a red ball , an Abrams motif dating back to the pilot of Alias ?
The film's production designer was Scott Chambliss, a longtime collaborator with Abrams.
was The film 's production designer Scott Chambliss , a longtime collaborator with Abrams ?
An Aptera Typ-1 prototype car was used on location.
was An Aptera Typ-1 prototype car used on location ?
The viewscreen was made into a window that could have images projected on it to make the space environment palpable.
was The viewscreen made into a window that could have images projected on it to make the space environment palpable ?
Their ship, the Narada, is purely practical with visible mechanics as it is a "working ship", unlike the Enterprise crew who give a respectable presentation on behalf of the Federation.
is Their ship , the Narada , purely practical with visible mechanics as it is a `` working ship '' , unlike the Enterprise crew who give a respectable presentation on behalf of the Federation ?
The ship's interior was made of six pieces that could be rearranged to create a different room.
was The ship 's interior made of six pieces that could be rearranged to create a different room ?
It was abandoned as they did not pursue the idea enough.
was It abandoned as they did not pursue the idea enough ?
A tribble was placed in the background of Scotty's introduction.
was A tribble placed in the background of Scotty 's introduction ?
Both digital and physical makeup was used for aliens.
was Both digital and physical makeup used for aliens ?
Filming was also done at the City Hall of Long Beach, California; the San Rafael Swell in Utah; and the California State University, Northridge in Los Angeles (which was used for establishing shots of students at Starfleet Academy).
was Filming also done at the City Hall of Long Beach , California ; the San Rafael Swell in Utah ; and the California State University , Northridge in Los Angeles -LRB- which was used for establishing shots of students at Starfleet Academy -RRB- ?
A parking lot outside Dodger Stadium was used for the ice planet of Delta Vega and the Romulan drilling rig on Vulcan.
was A parking lot outside Dodger Stadium used for the ice planet of Delta Vega and the Romulan drilling rig on Vulcan ?
A Budweiser plant in Van Nuys was used for the Enterprise's engine room, while a Long Beach power plant was used for the Kelvin's engine room.
was A Budweiser plant in Van Nuys used for the Enterprise 's engine room , while a Long Beach power plant was used for the Kelvin 's engine room ?
Abrams was frustrated that he was unable to alter lines during the strike, whereas normally they would have been able to improvise new ideas during rehearsal, although Lindelof acknowledged they could dub some lines in post-production.
was Abrams frustrated that he was unable to alter lines during the strike , whereas normally they would have been able to improvise new ideas during rehearsal , although Lindelof acknowledged they could dub some lines in post-production ?
Abrams was able to alter a scene where Spock combats six Romulans from a fistfight to a gunfight, having decided there were too many physical brawls in the film.
was Abrams able to alter a scene where Spock combats six Romulans from a fistfight to a gunfight , having decided there were too many physical brawls in the film ?
The security of it is immense.
is The security of it immense ?
The film's shooting script was fiercely protected even with the main cast.
was The film 's shooting script fiercely protected even with the main cast ?
Mindel would create more flares by shining a flashlight or pointing a mirror at the camera lens, or using two cameras simultaneously and therefore two lighting set-ups.
would Mindel create more flares by shining a flashlight or pointing a mirror at the camera lens , or using two cameras simultaneously and therefore two lighting set-ups ?
Star Trek was the first film ILM worked on using entirely digital ships.
was Star Trek the first film ILM worked on using entirely digital ships ?
The Enterprise was intended by Abrams to be a merging of its design in the series and the refitted version from the original film.
was The Enterprise intended by Abrams to be a merging of its design in the series and the refitted version from the original film ?
The iridescent pattern on the ship from The Motion Picture was maintained to give the ship depth, while model maker Roger Goodson also applied the "Aztec" pattern from The Next Generation.
was The iridescent pattern on the ship from The Motion Picture maintained to give the ship depth , while model maker Roger Goodson also applied the `` Aztec '' pattern from The Next Generation ?
Carolyn Porco of NASA was consulted on the planetary science and imagery.
was Carolyn Porco of NASA consulted on the planetary science and imagery ?
Nimoy's mouth was reanimated in his first scene with Kirk following a rerecording session.
was Nimoy 's mouth reanimated in his first scene with Kirk following a rerecording session ?
An erhu, performed by Karen Han, was used for the Vulcan themes.
was An erhu , performed by Karen Han , used for the Vulcan themes ?
A distorted recording was used for the Romulans.
was A distorted recording used for the Romulans ?
The film was practically finished by the end of 2008.
was The film practically finished by the end of 2008 ?
A surprise public screening was held on April 6, 2009, at the Alamo Drafthouse theater in Austin, Texas, hosted by writers Robert Orci, Alex Kurtzman, and producer Damon Lindelof.
was A surprise public screening held on April 6 , 2009 , at the Alamo Drafthouse theater in Austin , Texas , hosted by writers Robert Orci , Alex Kurtzman , and producer Damon Lindelof ?
The showing was publicized as a screening of Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, followed by a ten-minute preview of the new Star Trek film.
was The showing publicized as a screening of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan , followed by a ten-minute preview of the new Star Trek film ?
Star Trek's later trailers would win four awards, including Best in Show, in the tenth annual Golden Trailer Awards.
would Star Trek 's later trailers win four awards , including Best in Show , in the tenth annual Golden Trailer Awards ?
Abrams would exaggerate his preference for other shows to Star Trek as a child to the press, with statements like "I'm not a Star Trek fan" and "this movie is not made for Star Trek fans necessarily".
would Abrams exaggerate his preference for other shows to Star Trek as a child to the press , with statements like `` I 'm not a Star Trek fan '' and `` this movie is not made for Star Trek fans necessarily '' ?
The first wave was released in March and April 2009.
was The first wave released in March and April 2009 ?
Master Replicas, Mattel, Hasbro and Fundex Games will promote the film via playing cards, Monopoly, UNO, Scrabble, Magic 8-Ball, Hot Wheels, Tyco R/C, 20Q, Scene It?
will Master Replicas , Mattel , Hasbro and Fundex Games promote the film via playing cards , Monopoly , UNO , Scrabble , Magic 8-Ball , Hot Wheels , Tyco R/C , 20Q , Scene It ?
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray on November 17, 2009 in North America, November 16 in the United Kingdom and October 26 in Australia and New Zealand.
was The film released on DVD and Blu-ray on November 17 , 2009 in North America , November 16 in the United Kingdom and October 26 in Australia and New Zealand ?
The film is the highest-grossing in the United States and Canada from the entire Star Trek film franchise, eclipsing The Voyage Home and Star Trek: The Motion Picture.
is The film the highest-grossing in the United States and Canada from the entire Star Trek film franchise , eclipsing The Voyage Home and Star Trek : The Motion Picture ?
Star Trek was acclaimed by film critics.
was Star Trek acclaimed by film critics ?
The chemistry between Pine and Quinto was well received by critics.
was The chemistry between Pine and Quinto well received by critics ?
The film was nominated for three Empire Awards, to which it won for Best Sci-Fi/Fantasy.
was The film nominated for three Empire Awards , to which it won for Best Sci-Fi/Fantasy ?
The sequel, Star Trek Into Darkness, starring Benedict Cumberbatch as Khan Noonien Singh, was released on May 16, 2013.
was The sequel , Star Trek Into Darkness , starring Benedict Cumberbatch as Khan Noonien Singh , released on May 16 , 2013 ?
